hey guys back with another review today
and unboxing today's unboxing is gonna
be on the gigabyte as z97 X gaming GT
motherboard this is at 1150 socket set
for the new Intel I core 7 has well
refreshed
there's your i7 4790 there that I'll
have a review when I box it up as well
but let's get into this so I picked this
up today as I'm building a new gaming PC
as you might see in the background here
of what other parts are important in the
PC welcome at the back here so at the
back here we've got their USBs Gigabit
LAN more USBs audio headphone jack you
got your built on graphics built in
graphics so you've got your VGA DVI HDMI
and you've also got a display port on
the back there you still got your ps2
port and your 2 USB to ports now this is
one of the high our higher class
motherboards that have been released
this year 2014 the next one up from this
is the GT Black Edition Wi-Fi so that's
looking you're looking at about the 480
dollar mark there for that one the next
one up so let's get into this so open up
this have a look inside
motherboard jewel BIOS
should just pull out one sinner
does that to the side nothing else in
the box there opens up let's get this
out of the way at the moment I say what
we've got inside scene so it looks like
you've got your this looks like a
four-way yes it is a four-way SLI to get
a four-way SLI with it you get what
looks like a three-way see your 3-way
SLI you get a nice g1 gaming bad just
take a few case go see you another one
Bucky you buy it looks like yes to way
yeah to way I saw I you get Aggie
brought warranty manual obviously you
drive is your quick start drying your
multi-language guide yes you get your
arm shield for the back you see this
looks like an off few it i shouldn´t
awesome to block and read the goal for
the college game like I'm ready
we've also got your crossfire and it
looks like here you have two and each
pack so you get four SATA 6 cables as
well so let's put the Box aside nice
little box actually give reuse that now
let's get to the main board here itself
so I'll just get there sit on top of the
box so carefully look at that that is a
very very nice motherboard so they've
gone for a like a red skipped Ellis game
here on the g1 gaming as you say here
it's the back panel Ram slots dual Ram
slots
this is Sadr Express and m2 it's just a
nice look at the board there so for the
price of papers I paid three hundred and
nineteen dollars for this board it's one
of the top of the line boards you can
get from gigabyte at the moment I'm very
keen to test this out and build my
computer I'll have a video on that as
also this was just an unboxing of the
gigabyte gaming GT and I'll see you in
the next video